Q1: Why are functions advatageous to have in your program?
A1: Functions reduce the need for duplicate code. This makes the program shorter, easier to read, and easier to update.

Q2: When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?
A2: The code in a function executes when the function is called, not when the function is defined.

Q3: What statement creates a function?
A3: the def statement defines (this is, creates) a function.

Q4: What is the difference between a function and a function call?
A4: A function consists of the def statement and the code in its def clause. A function call is what moves the program
    execution into the function, and the function call evaluates to the function's return value.

Q5: How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
A5: There is one global scope, and a local scope is created whenever a function is called.

Q6: What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
A6: When a function returns, the local scope is destroyed, and all the variables in it are forgotten.

Q7: What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?
A7: A return value is the value that a function call evaluates to. Like any value, a return value can be used as part
    of an expression.

Q8: If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
A8: If there is no return statement for a function, its return value is None.

Q9: How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?
A9: A global statement will force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable.

Q10: What is the data type None?
A10: The data type None is NoneType.

Q11: What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?
A11: That import statement imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic. (This isn't a real Python module, by the way)

Q12: If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?
A12: This function can be called with spam.bacon().

Q13: How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?
A13: Place the line of code that might cause an error in a try clause.

Q14: What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?
A14: The code that could potentially cause an error goes in the try clause. The code that executes if an error happens goes
     in the except clause.